Kazan take-off area
optical-mechanical plant from here to
sky rise helicopter mi-8 air force
Russia doesn’t have any missiles on them but
this is a real leverage on
enemy forces on board each
is the newest radio complex
e wrestling which is what they called
lever the first three such charged
helicopter complex concern
radioelectronic technology has transferred to
Russian army with an ordinary mind
military transport mi-8 however with his
the advent of anti - aircraft artillery
and even enemy fighters will become
useless lever can blind
stun and crush all possible
electronic guidance and
troop control systems its beam
able to attack both aimingly and
360 degrees range
leverage is not even tens and hundreds
kilometers
and yesterday technique was kept secret and
today these shots can go out with
by signature
exclusive helicopter complexes transmits
troops open in the presence of all
The country's leading media journalists were able to
see some steps of creating a lever
for example in this shop gentle female hands
prepare chips in this part
complex is already being installed on new
complex helicopters are used
exclusively domestic elemental
bases that is completely self-sufficient and
independent in no way from imported
suppliers and really in the chain
production complex lever and you all
components made in Russia
Kazan Helicopter Plant supplies
new mi-8 she optics mechanical
the plant in them is mounted electronic
the stuffing that is the lever is not only
suppresses the enemy system and conducts
intelligence well and makes a profit immediately
several enterprises leverage
need can be placed and on
board an airplane bmp or truck
however, these segments also have
unique systems such as complex
mercury
one mouth fighting machine is able to protect
equipment and personnel on the area up to 50
hectares
relatively speaking if hail
water our vehicles with our soldiers if
there is such a complex
electronic warfare near shells
explode on safe for technology and
living force altitude there 150 meters and above
and so if you do not have complex
undermined
at a height of two to five meters to
inflict maximum and defeat here in
Kazan created a technique that is not
has world analogues right now bye
you watch this footage
mercury lever and other means
electronic warfare
protect the country and the heritage of Tatarstan